

	
Citi

Get 5% cash back!
Everyone loves a return gift
Citi Visa Platinum Cash Back Credit Card
Apply Now


	

More reasons to apply

5% cash back	5% cash back* on movie ticket purchases

5% cash back* on telephone and utility bill payments	5% cash back* on telephone and utility bill payments

0.5% cash back* on all other spends	0.5% cash back* on all other spends

	Apply Now	
	


	
Additional Card Privileges



Choose easy EMI
options at more than
2,000 outlets	


Save up to 15%
on dining across
participating restaurants	


Global & Secure
International Card with
Chip & PIN for extra security	


	
	Apply Now		
	

*Terms & Conditions apply. Maximum cash back of Rs.100 per month for each category of movies, telephone & utility bills. Identification of Telephone/Movies transactions are based on MCCs (Merchant Category Codes) allotted by Visa and MasterCard. Regarding Cash Back on Utility Bill payments, Cash Back is only applicable on utility bill payments enrolled and charged to Citi Bill Pay through Citibank Online.

This card comes to you at an annual fee of Rs.500.

Click here to view the Most Important Terms and Conditions of this card.

Click here to view the card member terms and conditions.

As a part of credit card application procedure, we will require your recent passport size color photograph; self attested copy of your address proof and valid photo identity proof documents. You will be contacted separately for collection of these documents. The documents submitted along with the application will be kept with the bank for record purposes and will not be returned.

Issuance of the Credit Card is at the sole discretion of the bank and is subject to the bank's approval criteria.



Citi.com is the global source of information about and access to financial services provided by the Citigroup family of companies. This product/service is offered by branches of Citibank NA in India. © 2016 Citigroup Inc. Citibank and Arc Design are registered service marks of Citigroup Inc. or its affiliates used and registered throughout the world.
		
